
4/3/03 -  Checked in a good sized update that move support of the library
closer to that of the POSIX/GNU standards.  Switches can now be combined into
single arguments, -- is supported and MultiArgs now allow for multiple labeled
args.  I've also changed things a bit by subclassing MultiArg and ValueArg
to get unlabeled versions of these classes.  I think this is a bit cleaner
design, despite two new classes.

1/7/04 - ... and with great trepidation, I release 0.9.6.  Loads of changes.  
The big change is that you can now define the delimiter used to separate 
argument flags and argument values. So if you prefer arguments of the style 
"-s=asdf"  instead of "-s asdf", you can do so.  I've also fixed a number of 
warnings generated and fixed a few pathologic bugs related to combined
switches.  That said, I suspect that there may be a few significant bugs
in this release that I haven't uncovered yet.  Please let me know ASAP if
you find any.

2/6/04 - Another big release: 0.9.7.  First is a bugfix submitted by 
Matthias Stiller that specializes the _extractValue method in a couple of
places that allows strings with spaces to be correctly read by tclap.  A
second bug found by John Ling has been fixed so that exceptions are thrown 
if more than one value is parsed from a single arg or if the second value 
parsed is invalid.   A big new feature has been added that allows args to
be xor'd.  This means that two (or more) args can be specified such that
one and only one of the args is required.  If a second arg is found an
exception is thrown.  See the manual for details.  As always, let me know
if you run into any problems.

2/10/04 - A minor release: 0.9.8.  A couple of bug fixes for 0.9.7 are
included and a feature has been added that allows Args to be specified 
without short options, meaning the user is forced to use only long options.
This is useful for programs with more options than map sensibly to single
chars.

7/3/04 - Added a new constructor and handling to the various value args
that allows the user to provide a list of values that the input arg values 
should be restricted to.  

